Dotdigital/destination (#7671)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/dotdigital/index.md

---
title: Dotdigital Destination

> id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: 68370e58cb330586908573b7
```

> beta: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beta: true
hidden: true
```

4. Log in to your [Dotdigital account](https://login.dotdigital.com/){:target="_blank"}. Expand the User menu in the bottom left and go to Settings > Access > API users.
5. Note your API region (r1, r2 or r3) for step 7.
6. Create a [new API user](https://developer.dotdigital.com/docs/setting-up-an-api-user). 
7. In Segment, select your Dotdigital account region and paste the **API user** and **API password** in the Dotdigital destination settings.

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Additional context

### Add Contact to List
Before using the Add Context to List Action, complete the following prerequisites: 

- **Lists**: [Create a contact list in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198769-create-a-contact-list). After you've created a list in Dotdigital, return to the Segment app and select your list from the dropdown in the Segment event mapping.
- Data Fields: [Create or edit your data fields in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198833-create-delete-and-edit-custom-data-fields), then return to the Segment app, open the event mapping, and map Segment properties to Dotdigital data fields.

### Enroll Contact to Program

> When you use the Enroll Contact to Program action, Dotdigital creates a contact for the identifier you provide, if they don't exist already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the Enroll Contact to Program action, Dotdigital creates a contact for the identifier you provide, if the contact doesn't already exist. 
```

Reviewer 2: hi @sta1r looks like a couple more minor changes then we're good.

2. Select Dotdigital and click **Add Destination**.
3. Select an existing Source to connect to Dotdigital (Actions).
4. Log in to your [Dotdigital account](https://login.dotdigital.com/){:target="_blank"}. Expand the User menu in the bottom left and go to Settings > Access > API users.
5. Note your API region (r1, r2 or r3) for step 7.
6. Create a [new API user](https://developer.dotdigital.com/docs/setting-up-an-api-user). 
7. In Segment, select your Dotdigital account region and paste the **API user** and **API password** in the Dotdigital destination settings.

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Action notes

### Add Contact to List

_Lists_
- [Create a contact list in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198769-create-a-contact-list).
- Select your list from the dropdown in the Segment event mapping.

_Data Fields_
- [Create or edit your data fields in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198833-create-delete-and-edit-custom-data-fields).
- Map Segment properties to Dotdigital data fields in the Segment event mapping.

### Enrol Contact to Program

> - The action will create a contact in Dotdigital for the identifier you provide, if they don't exist already.

Author: Hi @forstisabella it's the links to our own docs that might be useful I think, for integrators. I intended to have this be the 'Additional context' bit from the template, with links back to our docs plus any extra notes and explainers for the actions (like the note relating to enrolment). I can change the title of this section to something different to 'Action notes' if you prefer?

> - The action will create a contact in Dotdigital for the identifier you provide, if they don't exist already.

Reviewer: That makes sense! Let me think through the best way to approach this in the context of the doc

[Dotdigital](https://dotdigital.com/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank”} is an all-in-one customer experience and data platform (CXDP) that empowers marketing teams to exceed customer expectations with highly personalized cross-channel journeys.

This destination is maintained by Dotdigital. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Dotdigital Support team](mailto:support@dotdigital.com).

## Getting started

1. From your workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog){:target="_blank”} search for "Dotdigital".
2. Select Dotdigital and click **Add Destination**.
3. Select an existing Source to connect to Dotdigital (Actions).
4. Log in to your [Dotdigital account](https://login.dotdigital.com/){:target="_blank"}. Expand the User menu in the bottom left and go to Settings > Access > API users.
5. Note your API region (r1, r2 or r3) for step 7.
6. Create a [new API user](https://developer.dotdigital.com/docs/setting-up-an-api-user). 
7. In Segment, select your Dotdigital account region and paste the **API user** and **API password** in the Dotdigital destination settings.

> {% include components/actions-fields.html %}
> 
> ## Action notes
> 
> ### Add Contact to List
> 
> _Lists_
> - [Create a contact list in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198769-create-a-contact-list).
> - Select your list from the dropdown in the Segment event mapping.
> 
> _Data Fields_
> - [Create or edit your data fields in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198833-create-delete-and-edit-custom-data-fields).
> - Map Segment properties to Dotdigital data fields in the Segment event mapping.
> 
> ### Enrol Contact to Program
> - The action will create a contact in Dotdigital for the identifier you provide, if they don't exist already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Additional context

### Add Contact to List
Before using the Add Context to List Action, complete the following prerequisites: 

- **Lists**: [Create a contact list in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198769-create-a-contact-list). After you've created a list in Dotdigital, return to the Segment app and select your list from the dropdown in the Segment event mapping.
- Data Fields: [Create or edit your data fields in Dotdigital](https://support.dotdigital.com/en/articles/8198833-create-delete-and-edit-custom-data-fields), then return to the Segment app, open the event mapping, and map Segment properties to Dotdigital data fields.

### Enroll Contact to Program
When you use the Enroll Contact to Program action, Dotdigital creates a contact for the identifier you provide, if they don't exist already.

```
